How to fix InvalidAuthenticityToken with formmethod [ci skip] (#56115)
rails/rails: guides/source/form_helpers.md

In this case, the "Update" button will be treated as `PATCH` and the "Delete" button will be treated as `DELETE`.

> NOTE: If you're not using [JavaScript][js-guide], the per-form CSRF validation will raise a `ActionController::InvalidAuthenticityToken` error when clicking the `formmethod` button.<br>
> To avoid this either: disable per-form validation globally with [`config.action_controller.per_form_csrf_tokens = false`][per-form-csrf-tokens],
> add a `<%= hidden_field_tag :authenticity_token, form_authenticity_token %>` in the form,
> or use `form_with(authenticity_token: form_authenticity_token)`.

Reviewer: Maybe we can expand a bit on why this fails?
The `authenticity_token` in a form is [bound to the form method](https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/main/actionpack/lib/action_controller/metal/request_forgery_protection.rb#L721) if per-form CSRF validation is enabled. If Javascript is enabled it will use the global `authenticity_token` instead, which doesn't look at the form method.

Maybe disabling `per_form_csrf_tokens` is a bit drastic if this is used in just one form?
Also, adding the `hidden_field_tag` will add another hidden field with the new `form_authenticity_token`. Overriding the `authenticity_token` basically works the same but is a bit cleaner as it replaces the existing hidden field.
Maybe this should be recommended even if Javascript is enabled?

Maybe something like:
```suggestion
NOTE: The `authenticity_token` in a form is bound to the form method if per-form CSRF validation is enabled. Submitting a form with a different method will raise an `ActionController::InvalidAuthenticityToken` error. If [JavaScript][js-guide] is used to submit the form it will typically send the global `authenticity_token` instead, which isn't bound to the form.
<br>
To make sure the form works without JavaScript, pass the global `form_authenticity_token` to `form_with` to allow all methods to be submitted `form_with(authenticity_token: form_authenticity_token)`.
```
